 
            How to make font strikethrough on github.
         
            Is it possible to get strikethrough letter formatting on github markdown.
         
            Making the text on github crossed out.
         
            Introducing stikethrough formatting on markdown for github.
         
            The <s> tag for font on github markdown doesnt work, is there an alternative?
         
            *
         
            Making the letters i write on github striked through.
         
            Producing strikethrough text in github.
         
            Does github support strikethrough letters?
         
            How can I cross out my text on git hub?
         
            I want to have strikethrough text on github, is this possible?
         
            How can I delete my facebook account?
         
            What is the best way to remove my facebook account?
         
            I want to get rid of my facebook account, how do I do it?
         
            Removing my FB account.
         
            Whats the fastest way to delete my account on facebook.
         
            *
         
            How to remove facebook account?
         
            I'd like to completely remove my fb account, how do I do this?
         
            Is there a way to make my facebook account disappear completely.
         
            Deleting FB acc.
         
            I don't want my facebook account any more how do I delete it.
         
            Is it possible to add new styles to google documents.
         
            How could I introduce new styles to google docs.
         
            I'd like to add some new styles to my docs on google, how can I do that?
         
            Is it possible add alternative styles to my documents on google?
         
            How could I use a new style with on a google doc?
         
            *
         
            I'd like to introduce new styles in google docs, how do I achieve that?
         
            Can I add some custom styles to google docs?
         
            I have some ideas for a new style in my google documents, can I add it somehow?
         
            My friend made a style for my google documents, how do I add it?
         
            Where is the option to add new styles to google documents?
         
            How to make text crossed out in gmail?
         
            Making gmail text strikethrough.
         
            Using a strike through font in gmail.
         
            Gmail provides bold, italic and underline options for text formatting but I can't find how to make it
            strikethrough.
         
            Getting letters in gmail mails to be strikethrough.
         
            *
         
            How can I make letters in gmail crossed out.
         
            I'd like to strikethrough text in gmail.
         
            Strikethrough font in gmail.
         
            Does gmail support strikethrough font.
         
            Making the text formatting strike through in my gmail mails.
         
            Is it possible to link a google spreadsheets cell to a cell in another document.
         
            I have two spreadsheets on google docs is it possible to reference their cells via links?
         
            Can I link to a particular cell of a google spreadsheet document from a cell in another document?
         
            Is it possible to insert a link into a google spreadsheet that would lead to a cell in another google
            spreadsheet?
         
            How can I link together cells in google spreadsheets documents.
         
            *
         
            How do I link two cells from different google spreadsheet documents.
         
            I have a cell in a google spreadsheet and I want to link it to another cell from a different google sheet is
            this possible?
         
            I need to reference a cell from another google sheets document in a cell in my current document, can this be
            done?
         
            Linking together cells from different google spreadsheet documents.
         
            Referencing a cell from a different google spreadsheet document.
         
            Is it possible to use markdown in google docs.
         
            How can I introduce markdown into google documents.
         
            I have a markdown document that I'd like to convert to google docs, what's the easiest way to to this?
         
            Can I format font in google docs using markdown.
         
            I'm really fond of the markdown format, is it possible to use it in conjunction with google docs?
         
            *
         
            Can I write google docs using markdown.
         
            I really like markdown, can I use it in google documents.
         
            I'd like to use markdown in google documents, is there a way?
         
            How do I use markdown in google documents.
         
            Do google docs support markdown.
         
            Is it possible to paste only the text from gmail and ignore the formatting.
         
            While copying text from a mail in gmail I'd like to leave out the formatting, how can I do this?
         
            Can I copy text from gmail but only the raw text?
         
            How can I copy just the text from gmail but ignore the special font styles.
         
            Can I remove the formatting while pasting text from gmail.
         
            *
         
            Can I ignore formatting when copying and pasting from gmail.
         
            How do I make it so that the formatting is ignored when copying from gmail.
         
            Copying raw text (no formatting) from gmail.
         
            I'd like to omit any formatting from the text I copy from a mail in gmail, is this possible?
         
            Is there a way to copy only the text from gmail (withut formatting).
         
            How can I download a Youtube video.
         
            I'd like to download a youtube video, how can I do this?
         
            Is it possible to store youtube videos to my disk for later offline viewing?
         
            Do I have to be online to watch a youtube video or can I somehow download it?
         
            I'd like to send a youtube video to a friend who has no internet, can I somehow send him the raw file?
         
            *
         
            Is it possible to download a youtube video?
         
            How could I save a youtube video locally?
         
            Viewing a youtube video offline.
         
            Storing a youtube video locally for later viewing.
         
            I'd like to store a local backup of my favourite youtube video. Is this possible?
         
            Is it posible to get code syntax highlighting in google docs.
         
            I have some Python code, can I get it to display as actual code (with colors and all) in google docs.
         
            How can I get colored code in google documents.
         
            Is there a way to get color formatting of code in google docs.
         
            I pasted some C# code into google docs, can i get special coloring for it automatically?
         
            *
         
            How can I get syntax highlighting in google docs.
         
            Do google documents support syntax coloring.
         
            I'm a programmer and I'd like to get syntax highlihts in google docs, is this possible?
         
            How do I get google code to color my C++ code.
         
            How do I turn on syntax coloring for google docs.
         
            Is it possible to export gmail messages to text files?
         
            Is it possible to export gmail messages to html files?
         
            How can I save my email from gmail in plain textual format?
         
            Can I download an email from gmail as a text file?
         
            What are my options for exporting text from gmail mails as files?
         
            *
         
            How can I export gmail messages to text based formats?
         
            I'd like to backup all my mails on gmail into a text format, can I do this?
         
            What are the options for backing up my gmail mails as text files?
         
            Can I save all my gmail mails in html?
         
            Can I store locally my mails from gmail (as text or html)?
         
            How can facebook detect whether or not you are logged in in gmail.
         
            How is it possible that when resetting password, facebook will detect if you are already logged into your
            gmail account.
         
            What's the deal with facebook knowing when you are logged into google, and even using it when you reset your
            password.
         
            Did you know that FB is aware if you are logged into google or not, and can use this information for it's
            own authentication purposes.
         
            Is there a deal between facebook and google, because it seems that when I'm logged into my gmail accounts,
            facebook can detect this?
         
            *
         
            Can facebook know when you are logged in gmail?
         
            Can fb detect if you are looged into yout google account?
         
            Is there a way for facebook to be aware that you are logged into your gmail account?
         
            I've heard facebook can detect if you're logged into your gmail account, is this true?
         
            Why can facebook see when I am and when I am not logged into my gmail account.
         
            Is there a method to filter gmail messages that are not labeled.
         
            Filtering unlabeled gmail messages.
         
            Applying a filter to gmail mails that would leave only unlabeled mails.
         
            How to filter out mails that are missing a label.
         
            Filter gmail messages without a label.
         
            *
         
            Filtering gmail mails that are missing a label.
         
            How do I filter only those mails in gmail that have no label.
         
            Is it possible to filter messages without a label in gmail.
         
            Out of all gmail messages I want to filter those with no label, how do I do this?
         
            I'd like to filter all messages in gmail that are missing a label.
         
            What is the procedure with your facebook account if you die.
         
            In the case of my death, what would happen to my FB acc.
         
            If I kick the bucket, what happens to my facebook account.
         
            What is the destiny of my facebook account should I die.
         
            In the sad event one of my friends dies, what happens to their fb account?
         
            *
         
            What is the procedure with your fb account if you die.
         
            If I die, what will happen to my facebook account?
         
            If somebody dies, what's gonna happen to their fb account?
         
            What does facebook do with accounts of people who have died?
         
            Where does your facebook account go after your death?
         
            Is it possible to forward multiple emails in gmail?
         
            How can I forward more than one email in gmail at the same time?
         
            Forwarding several emails simultaneously in gmail.
         
            If I want to forward several emails in gmail, do I have to do it one by one, or is there a better way?
         
            How to forward more than one email from gmail?
         
            *
         
            I'd like to forward multiple mails in gmail, is this possible?
         
            Can I forward more than one mail in gmail?
         
            How do I forward multiple gmails in gmail.
         
            I'd like to forward more than one email simultaneously in gmail, can this be done?
         
            I often find myself needing to forward mails in a batch in gmail, can forward them all together in a single
            click?
         
            Are there any webapps to create ascii art?
         
            I'm fond of art with only characters, anyone know of a cool website where I could play around with that?
         
            I'm an admirerer of ascii art, any apps on the internet for exploring/creating this kind of art?
         
            I have a photo of a friend. He's kind of a geek so I'd like to get an ascii picture version of it. Any sites
            I could use to do this easily?
         
            Does anyone know of any sites where I could build old MS-DOS style character art from images?
         
            *
         
            I's there a site that can turn images into ascii art?
         
            I'm looking for a web site that could turn pictures i upload into ascii art.
         
            Do you know of any web site that would turn pics to ms-dos ascii art?
         
            I need a web site that would convert a picture of my girlfriend into ascii art.
         
            I'm fond of ascii art, is there a site where I could convert my favourite images into it?
         
            I'm a little paranoid my data from trello will get lost, how can I back it up easily.
         
            I'd like to export my trello data, what's the best way to do this.
         
            In case anything happened to my information on trello I'd be lost, can I somehow download it all for safe
            keeping.
         
            I'd like to be sure that my trello cards and boards won't be lost, how can I back them up.
         
            Is there a way to export my trello information so I can save it locally to ensure it is safe.
         
            *
         
            What are my options for exporting my data from trello?
         
            I'm scared that all my trello data will be lost, how can i back it up?
         
            I'd like to locally back up all my trello data, how do I do this?
         
            Is it an option to export all my trello data so I can have a safe local backup of my stuff?
         
            What is the best way to export trello data to my local back up.
         
            Can I import a list of tasks into trello?
         
            How could I introduce some cards / lists into trello from outside files?
         
            Does trello support importing from csv?
         
            I'd like to import some data into trello from rather big (text) files, is this doable?
         
            Can Trello initialize tasks (cards and lists) from a file. My list of tasks is huge and I'd like to generate
            a file to import into trello.
         
            *
         
            Is it possible to import a list of tasks that i made into trello?
         
            I'd like to import a very large list of tasks into trello, what's the easiest way to do this?
         
            Is there an option in trello to import a large task list from say a csv or something?
         
            I need to import tasks from a file in trello, the number of tasks is large I cant copy it by hand. Is there
            an automated way?
         
            What import options does trello support for lists of tasks?
         
            Can I impose boolean conditions on gmail search conditions?
         
            Is it possible to search gmail with a disjunction of two conditions?
         
            Can I use conjunctions and disjunctions on search constraints when searching gmail?
         
            How can I use logical expressions on multiple criteria when searching gmail?
         
            Can I use more than one search criterion on gmail, maybe connected with an or or and?
         
            *
         
            Is there an option to introduce boolean constraints on conditions in gmail filter?
         
            Using several conditions in a gmail filter with logical operations in between.
         
            Combining several filter criteria in gmail filter using logical operators.
         
            Is it possible to have multiple filter criteria in gmail, connecter with logical operations?
         
            I'd like to have a logical expression on several conditions as my gmail filter, is this supported?
         
            Is it possible to embed a google spreadsheet into another google document?
         
            Can google docs contain other objects such as spreadsheets?
         
            Can I include a spreadsheet into my text document on google docs?
         
            Is it possible to include a chart from google spreadsheets into a regular google document?
         
            How can I include charts or tables from spreadsheets into google docs, like I can in regular office?
         
            *
         
            Can I put an entire google spreadsheet as just a part into a large google document?
         
            Including google spreadsheets into google documents.
         
            Embedding google spreadsheets into google documents.
         
            Inserting an entire google spreadsheets in a google docs.
         
            How can I embed a google spreadsheets into a google docs.
         
            I archived a gmail message by accident, is it possible to undo this?
         
            I made a mistake by archiving a mail in gmail how can I get it back?
         
            What happens to archived mails in gmail, is it possible to retrieve them?
         
            Did I lose the gmail message that I sent to the archive, maybe I can still get to it?
         
            My kid archived some messages I need on gmail, what can I do to fix it?
         
            *
         
            Is it possible to undo archiving a gmail message?
         
            I archived a gmail mail by mistake, can undo this?
         
            I inadvertently sent a gmail mail into the archive, how do I fix this?
         
            I accidentally archived a mail, can I get it back?
         
            How do I undo the archive operation in gmail?
         
            Is it possible to split conversations in gmail?
         
            I'm having a hard time keeping track of who I replied to in a gmail conversation with a lot of people, can I
            split it?
         
            How could I break down a large gmail thread into several smaller ones that would be easier to manage.
         
            I sent a bcc mail to several people, now gmail has merged all responses, it's confusing! Can I somehow
            separate these?
         
            I'd like to manage a thread of mails that gmail assigned to the same conversation. I'd like to have several
            separate smaller ones, is this possible?
         
            *
         
            Splitting conversations in gmail.
         
            Can I split a conversation in gmail?
         
            Gmail merged two conversation threads it shouldn't have. How do i split them.
         
            Is splitting conversations possible in mail threads on gmail.
         
            How to divide a conversation on gmail.
         
            I keep finding sites that just copy content from elsewhere, can I block them from my search results?
         
            I'd like to have a list of sites that are not allowed to appear in my search results, how can I do this?
         
            Is it possible to ban some sites from being present in my google search results.
         
            The list retreived by google contains some sites I know are not relevant for me, how could I get rid of
            those?
         
            What would be the best way to ensure that some sites will be ommited from my search results on google.
         
            *
         
            How can I make google remove some results from my search results.
         
            Is there a way to enforce google to omit osme results from my personal google search.
         
            How do I prevent google from showing some sites in my personal search results.
         
            I'd like to blacklist some sites from my google results, is there a way to do this.
         
            I need some results to be removed from my results on google. What can I do about this?
         
            Is it possible to delete a list in trello?
         
            I accidentally created a card in trello, what is the way to get rid of it?
         
            How can I completely delete trello cards or lists, I'm not talking about archiving but full blown deletion.
         
            I can't seem to find the delete option on trello, I know I can archive cards but I just want to completely
            delete a particular one.
         
            I wan't to remove a list in trello, is there a way to do this (can't find the option anywhere).
         
            *
         
            I'd like to delete a list in trello, what is the way?
         
            Removing a card in trello.
         
            Deleting a trello card.
         
            Can I remove trello cards or lists (I mean completely remove not archive).
         
            Is there a way to permanently delete a card in trello.
         
            How can I force google to use the exact words I type in.
         
            I'm sure the text I write into google is what I want word for word, how can I disable google interpreting it
            differently.
         
            Is there a way to disable the "did you mean" feature and have google interpret my query literally.
         
            I'd like to give a literal query to google (disable any spell checking etc.)
         
            How do I make google search for the exact same string that I type in.
         
            *
         
            Can I turn off google spellcheck and synonyms when searching.
         
            Is it possible to make google use the exact words that I typed in.
         
            I need to search for the exact words that i type into google, is there a way to do this?
         
            How do I disable the "did you mean" feature and have google search for exactly the same terms i typed in.
         
            Making google find the exact string that was typed in.
         
            Is it possible to follow someone on twitter but keep a low profile so he doesn't know.
         
            How can I discreetly follow someone on twitter (I don't want them to know I'm following them).
         
            Silent (undetectable) ways of following someone on twitter.
         
            I want to become a follower of a person on twitter but I'd like it to be a secret. Is this possible?
         
            Can I secretly follow someone on twitter.
         
            *
         
            Can I follow somebody on twitter without them knowing.
         
            Discreet way to follow someone on twitter.
         
            I want to follow someone on twitter but i don't want them to know, is there any solution for this?
         
            Is it an option to silently follow someone on twitter without them being aware of this.
         
            How could I become a follower of a person on twitter without them finding out, like ever.
         
            I'd like to make a backup of all the stuff I've been writing on twitter. How do I do that?
         
            How do I backup my twitter history.
         
            I'd like to make sure my twitter data doesn't get lost. What are some extra steps I could take?
         
            Can I take extra precautions to ensure that my messages on twitter won't be lost.
         
            Methods of performing a back up of a twitter account.
         
            *
         
            Is it possible to perform a back up of all my tweets?
         
            I'd like to back up everything I ever wrote on twitter, is there an option for this?
         
            I'm concerned I will lose my tweets, what are my options to perform a local back up.
         
            What are the options of locally backing up my twitter data?
         
            Can I export my twitter data (tweets and everything) in order to make a backup.
         
            Is there a way to contact a user on github.
         
            Getting in touch with a user on github,
         
            I've found someone on github who I think would make a swell colaborator, how can I message them?
         
            Is there a possibility to send messages over github.
         
            I'd like to communicate with an author on github, is this possible?
         
            *
         
            Is it possible to communicate with a particular user on github.
         
            Contacting someone on github.
         
            How do I get in touch with a developer i like on github.
         
            Does git hub allow some kind of messages to contact users.
         
            I need to directly contact a user on github.
         
            I'd like to transfer attachment from one mail to another in gmail.
         
            Is it possible to attach an attachment in gmail directly from another mail?
         
            Can I avoid saving an attachment if I only want to attach it to a new mail?
         
            How can I skip the save as step and just forward an attachment from one mail to a different one?
         
            Can I include attachment from a different mail to my current one (without downloading)?
         
            *
         
            Is it possible to attach an attachment to another mail without saving it first?
         
            How to avoid downloading attachments if I want to attach them to antother mail im writing.
         
            Is there an option to copy the attachment from one mail to another in gmail?
         
            I'd like to attach a file that I received as an attachment, can I avoid downloading it?
         
            Is there a way to attach to a new mail an attachment received in another mail?
         
            How can I play all youtube videos by a specific user.
         
            I know a great guy on youtube, I want to play all his videos one after the other, how do I go about this?
         
            Is it possible to play a sequence of videos published on youtube by the same person?
         
            Can I list and view all videos from the same person on youtube.
         
            I'd like to view videos from the same youtuber. I could use a playlist but surely there must be a faster
            way.
         
            *
         
            How can I play all youtube videos of a user?
         
            Is it possible to view all the videos of a particular user on youtube.
         
            I like a user on youtube, and I'd like to play all his videos. How can I do this.
         
            What is the easiest way of playing all user's youtube videos.
         
            I'd like to sequentially view all videos a specific youtube user has published.
         
            Can I create a direct link to zip (without view) in google drive.
         
            When I make a link in google drive it lists the contents, I'd like it to lead to a simple downlad, can this
            be done?
         
            How do I make a google drive link to a zip file simply perform a save as, and not display the contents.
         
            Is there a way to make google drive links provide download and not a preview of the file contents.
         
            I do not want google drive to display the files inside my zip files but to just give a download option, is
            there a way to achieve this?
         
            *
         
            Can I produce a link to a zip file on google drive that will not trigger the "view" option but only
            download?
         
            How do I make links to zip files in google drive download the file and not open it?
         
            Avoiding zip files on google drive opening on click.
         
            Disabling view of zip files on gd and having them downloaded instead.
         
            I don't want my google drive to open my zip files, i just want people with the link to be able to download
            the content. What are my options?
         
            What is the easiest way to paste code into gmail.
         
            I'd like to keep formatting when copying code into my mails in gmail, how can I do this?
         
            Whenever I c/p code into my mails in gmail I lose all the indentation and keyword special markup, is there a
            better way to do it?
         
            I'm spending too much time fixing my code font and indentation after pasting it into gmail. Is there a way
            to to do it faster?
         
            How to most efficiently transfer program code into a gmail mail without losing all the font properties.
         
            *
         
            Retaining the formatting of my code when copying into gmail.
         
            Formatting code in gmail.
         
            Keeping indendation of code that I paste into gmail.
         
            I lose indentation of code that I copy into a mail on gmail, how can I keep the code formatting.
         
            Efficiently pasting code into gmail without losing indentation.
         
            Is it possible to host my own trello?
         
            Is trello an exclusively online service or can I buy it and host it privately?
         
            I'm concerned with my sensitive data being in the trello cloud, is there a private option?
         
            I really like trello but am uncomfortable with it being purely online, is there an offline version I could
            have locally?
         
            I'd like to have an instance of trello on my company server for all employees to use, is this an option?
         
            *
         
            Can I have an instance of trello locally.
         
            I don't like my data being in the trello cloud, can I have a trello deployment locally.
         
            I want to have my own instance of trello, is this possible?
         
            How can I host my local trello instance.
         
            I'd like to have an instance of trello on a private server.
         
            I'd like to search for some keywords within the tweets of a specific person, how is this done?
         
            Is it possible to search within messages that a particular person tweeted.
         
            Can I constrain my search on tweets to only those of a single user.
         
            I have a guy on twitter I really like, can I do search on only his tweets?
         
            How do I narrow down my search on tweets to those published by a specific user.
         
            *
         
            Searching within tweet posts of a specific person.
         
            Is it possible to limit my tweet search on twitter to a single user.
         
            How can I search tweets of a particular user on twitter.
         
            I need to find a tweet from a certain someone on twitter, how can I limit my search to this user?
         
            Finding a tweet amoung the tweets of a single user on twitter.
         
            Can I share a search query from google and have the results appear the same?
         
            I've noticed copying the google search string doesn't give same results for all users, can I somehow share
            my exact results?
         
            I want to send a google search to my friend so he can see my results, how can I do this?
         
            Is it possible to replicate identical search results on google on a different computer by copying the search
            query string?
         
            Sharing google search results of my query.
         
            *
         
            Is it possible to share the exact search results of a google query?
         
            Replicating identical search results on google on a different computer.
         
            Copying the query string on google doesnt give same results on all computers.
         
            How could I share the unchanged results of my google query with other people.
         
            I'd like to share my google results but the results change on other people's computers, is there a way
            around this?
         
            How can I find out who unfriended me on fb.
         
            Can I see who stopped being my friend on facebook.
         
            I've noticed the number of my friends on facebook decreased, how can I investigate?
         
            I want to identify the person who ceased to be my fb friend.
         
            How do I search for the person who canceled his friendship with me on facebook.
         
            *
         
            Determining who removed me from their friends list on facebook.
         
            Finding out who stopped being my facebook friend.
         
            Finding out who deleted me as their facebook friend.
         
            I want to know who stopped being my friend on fb.
         
            Is it possible to keep track of who removed me from their fb friends list.
         
            I'd like to link to a specific portion of a video on vimeo.
         
            I saw this funny bit on a Vimeo clip, how can I link to that exact time in the video.
         
            Can you make a link that leads to a specific time point in a vimeo video.
         
            How do I send people a vimeo clip but with a predefined point where in the video to start.
         
            Is it possible to attach start time information when sending links to videos on vimeo.
         
            *
         
            Link to a point in a vimeo video.
         
            How can i produce a link that will take someone to a particular time in a vimeo video.
         
            Does vimeo support making links that have a point in time in the video specified.
         
            I'd like to send my friend a link to a particularly important part of a vimeo video, can I include the time
            when to start into the link?
         
            Specifying in a link at which point in the vimeo video to start playing.
         
            What is wolfram alpha used for?
         
            I hear a lot of good things about wolfram alpha from my friends, what's the big deal?
         
            Who would want to use wolfram alpha and for what?
         
            Why is wolfram alpha so popular?
         
            What are the advantages of wolfram alpha?
         
            *
         
            Why would I use wolfram alpha?
         
            What would be good arguments for using wolfram alpha?
         
            Is there a reason why wolfram alpha is so popular?
         
            What would be the biggest advantage of using the wolfram alpha tool?
         
            For what purpose is wolfram alpha primarily used?
         
            I've made a google spreadsheet with a large number of sheets, now i'd like to send a link to a specific one.
            How do I do it?
         
            Is it possible to link to a particular sheet in google spreadsheets?
         
            If I need to send to some people the second sheet of my google spread sheet, is there a way to generate a
            link to exactly that sheet?
         
            When sending links to google spreadsheets documents is it possible to specify which sheet should be the
            active one.
         
            Can I include information about which sheet should be opened by default when sending a link to a google
            spreadsheet with multiple sheets?
         
            *
         
            Linking to a particular sheet of a google sheets document?
         
            Including information about what sheet to display when linking to a google spreadsheets document.
         
            Do google spreadsheets support links that include information about which sheet should be active.
         
            How can i specify which sheet should be active when sending a link to a google spreadsheets document.
         
            Specifying the exact sheet that will be active in a link to google spreadsheets.
         
            Can I search gmail to find messages sent or received on a particular day.
         
            Is it possible to filter and search gmail messages by date.
         
            I know the exact time when I received a message, can I include this into gmail search.
         
            I'd like to constrain my mail search in gmail to a particular time period. Is this possible?
         
            Filtering messages in gmail with respect to time.
         
            *
         
            Filtering messages on gmail by date.
         
            Finding a mail in gmail that was received on a particular day.
         
            Constraining gmail search to a particular date.
         
            Filtering search results of mails on gmail to a time period.
         
            Including time of mail received into search criteria in gmail.
         
            Is it possible to link to a specific point in a youtube video.
         
            I found an epic moment in a clip on youtube, can I specify this moment as the start point when sending a
            link to people?
         
            Can I incorporate information about where in the video to start when sending youtube links to friends.
         
            I'd like to specify at what time a youtube video i'm linking to should start, is this possible?
         
            How can I link to a particular time in a youtube video.
         
            *
         
            Is it possible to include information about when to start into a link to a youtube video.
         
            Specify a custom start point of a youtube video when I link to it.
         
            I'd like to link to a specific time point within a youtube video, is this supported?
         
            Does youtube support including starting point information into links to its videos?
         
            How to include start time point for a youtube video when I link it to someone?
         
            How can I see the parent directory of a google document.
         
            I often get links to google docs but i can't find an easy way to determine in which folder they are.
         
            What's the easiest way to get the name of the directory where a particular google document is located.
         
            I got a direct link to a google spreadsheet but I need the name of the folder where it's located, how can I
            get this quickly?
         
            Is there an efficient way to get the name of the parent directory for a file on google drive.
         
            *
         
            Is it possible to view the parent directory of a document on google docs.
         
            How can I see the folder in which a google document is located.
         
            Is there a way to determine the directory in which my google document resides.
         
            Finding out the parent directory of my google document.
         
            How can I get the name of my google document's parent folder.
         
            I'd like to see where the different traffic to my github repo comes from. Is this possible?
         
            Does github offer some analytical tools for traffic analysis.
         
            How can I determine the locations and profiles of users that are accessing my github repo.
         
            Is it possible to do analysis on traffic data from github.
         
            I'm really interested in who has been accessing my github repo, is there a way to get an overview of these
            users?
         
            *
         
            How can I track traffic for my github repo?
         
            Tracking traffic sources of a github project.
         
            Finding out from where users are accessing my github repo.
         
            I'd like to know from where the majority of traffic for my github repository is coming from, can this be
            done?
         
            Traffic analysis for a repository i have on github.
         
            Is it possible to search for mails with no reply in gmail.
         
            I'm afraid I've left some mails unreplied in gmail but i can't remember which, can I use gmail search to
            find them?
         
            Finding unreplied mails in gmail.
         
            Identifying mails that are not replied.
         
            Determining for which of my mails a reply is missing.
         
            *
         
            Finding mails i forgot to reply to in gmail.
         
            Filtering gmail search by whether I replied or not.
         
            Searching gmail for a mail I did not reply to.
         
            Search for unreplied mails in gmail.
         
            Locating mails with no reply in gmail.
         
            Searching only the primary inbox in gmail.
         
            I have lots of inboxes on gmail but I only care about my primary one, how can I make search look only there.
         
            Search in gmail works on all my inboxes, but some of them I don't care about, can I do something about this?
         
            Constraining gmail search to a particular inbox.
         
            Can I make gmail search ignore some of my inboxes.
         
            *
         
            I have several inboxes on gmail, but I only want to search the primary one, how can I achieve this?
         
            Limiting gmail search to the main inbox.
         
            Constraining search on gmail to my main inbox.
         
            Making gmail consider only my primary inbox when performing searches.
         
            Focusing gmail search on a particular inbox (i have several).
         
            Is it possible to subscribe to a google mailing list even though my email address is not google based.
         
            I have a non google mailing address, can I still participate in googlegroups?
         
            Do google groups support e-mails that are not from gmail.
         
            I invited to my google group a friend who has a yahoo mail, will this still work?
         
            Is a gmail mail mandatory to use google's mailing lists.
         
            *
         
            Can I be part of a google mailing list without a gmail address?
         
            Do google mailing lists support non gmail mails?
         
            Is it possible to be part of a google group without having a google based email?
         
            I'd like to add a friend to my google group but he doesn't have a google mail address, is this doable?
         
            What are my options for adding a person without a gmail mail address to a google mailing list?
         
            When searching in google drive, can I look only in a specific folder.
         
            Limiting my search to a particular directory on gd.
         
            How can I constrain my search to be only in a single folder of google drive.
         
            Is it possible to look for files only in one folder of google drive.
         
            I'd like to filter my search on google drive to include only files from a directory im interested in.
         
            *
         
            Limiting google drive search to a particular folder.
         
            How can I search within a directory on gd?
         
            How can I constrain my search to a particular directory on google drive?
         
            Is it possible to search within a specific folder on google drive?
         
            Does google drive support searching within a directory?
         
            Can I get more than 20 results per page when searching gmail?
         
            I find the default twenty mails I get from gmail search to small, how can I increase it?
         
            Is there a way to regulate the number of results returned by gmail search?
         
            The number of mails displayed in gmail search is not enough, I want to make it bigger.
         
            When looking for mails in gmail I'd prefer a longer list to be displayed, what can I do?
         
            *
         
            Twenty results per page in gmail search is too low, can I increase the number of results shown?
         
            How can I change the maximum number of results returned by gmail mail search?
         
            I have a lot of mails to search in gmail, i'd like to have more than 20 results show in the result list.
         
            Making gmail display a larger number of search results.
         
            Increasing the number of mails returned by gmail search.
         
            I'm a bit paranoid I'll lose my mails on gmail, can I back them up?
         
            Saving all my gmail mails offline to make sure they are safe.
         
            How can I perform a full backup of my gmail account.
         
            Is it possible to download all my gmail mails so I can store them somewhere for safekeeping.
         
            I'd like to archive all my gmail mails locally, what's the easiest way to do that.
         
            *
         
            Downlading all my mails from gmail for a local backup.
         
            Is it possible to locally save my mails from gmail into my private backup.
         
            Archiving gmail mails locally.
         
            Creating a private backup of my gmail mails.
         
            Exporting gmail mails to my computer for backup purposes.
         
            Is it possible to send a fax online?
         
            What are my options for sending fax online?
         
            I don't have a fax-machine but I hear I can turn my computer into one via the internet. How does it work?
         
            Can I send faxes over the internet, is it expensive, what are the best services?
         
            What would you recommend as a solution for sending faxes over the internet?
         
            *
         
            How do I send fax online?
         
            Is there a way to send a fax over the internet?
         
            Is there an online service that would provide me with fax sending options?
         
            What are the possibilities for sending fax online?
         
            I need to send fax over the net, is there any online service to provide this?
         
            Why does the buffering of youtube videos stop when the video is paused?
         
            I't seems that youtube videos do not continue loading unless the video is running?
         
            Is this a bug? My video on youtube won't load after i pause, it will continue loading once unpaused.
         
            Youtube does not buffer videos untill the end if the video is in a paused state, can I fix this?
         
            I can't get youtube to preload a video, whenever I pause the buffer download stops.
         
            *
         
            Why does youtube cease buffering a video as soon as it's paused?
         
            Is there a bug on youtube, because my videos stop buffering as soon as I hit the pause button?
         
            Can I get youtube to buffer videos even if they are not playing?
         
            Buffering of videos on youtube stopping when videos is paused?
         
            As soon as I pause a youtube video the buffering is halted, is this normal?
         
            I want to delete all mail from my gmail account.
         
            How can I get rid of all of my mails in gmail.
         
            I'd like to remove every mail I ever got in gmail.
         
            How do I completely erase my mails from gmail.
         
            I'm very low on space on gmail so I want to mass delete my mails, is this possible?
         
            *
         
            I have to many mails in my gmail account, I want to remove them all, how do I do this?
         
            I'd like to completely delete all my mails in gmail, what's the fastest way to do this?
         
            I need to quickly delete all my gmail mails.
         
            Getting rid of all mails in gmail quickly.
         
            How do I remove the entire content from my inbox in gmail?
         
            Gmail filters out attachments that contain exe files, is there a way around this?
         
            I'd like to send executable files via gmail, is this possible?
         
            Can I somehow mask an exe file so that gmail doesn't remove it from my mail.
         
            I'd like to send a windows program as a gmail attachment but I can't because I keep getting an error
            message.
         
            How could I send a windows exe over gmail?
         
            *
         
            Gmail will not let me send an exe file via mail, is there a workaround?
         
            Gmail won't let me send executable files as attachments, is there an option around this?
         
            How can I send an executable file via gmail?
         
            Sending programs over gmail.
         
            Is it possible to mask an exe file so that gmail will let me attach it to a mail?
         
            Quora displays only the first / best answer, can I read the rest of the answers without registering?
         
            Quora insists I must register if I want to read all the answers to a question, is there some way around
            this?
         
            I refuse to register on Quora, I resent such bullying tactics. Still, is it possible to read all the answers
            to a question there anyway?
         
            I'm looking for a way to bypass the registration requirement imposed by Quora on people who want to see the
            complete answer list.
         
            I'd like to see the full list of answers for a Quora question but without the hassle of registering, what
            are my options?
         
            *
         
            Can I somehow read all the answers on quora without registering?
         
            I really don't want to register on quora, but I can't see all the answers, is there a way around this?
         
            Is there a possibility to see all quora answers without registering?
         
            Can an unregistered user somehow see all the answers on quora?
         
            I want to see all the answers of a quora question but i do not want to register, is there a solution?
         
            Managing interdependencies between trello cards.
         
            Is it possible to add information about mutual dependencies between tasks on trello.
         
            Does trello support of conditional workflows?
         
            A particular task for which I have a trello card can not start until another task is done, is there away to
            model this in trello?
         
            Handling tasks which depend on each other in Trello.
         
            *
         
            Is it possible to add information about task interdependencies on trello?
         
            Handling tasks that depend on each other in Trello.
         
            Can I specify on trello that a task should be completed before another starts?
         
            Introducing info about task interdependencies on trello?
         
            Specifying on trello interdependencies between various tasks.
         
            How does gmail thread mails?
         
            What is the logic between grouping mails into threads on gmail?
         
            What algorithm does gmail use to group my incoming mails?
         
            How is a thread of conversation constructed by gmail?
         
            What's the idea behind coupling mails together into threads by gmail?
         
            *
         
            On what prinicple does gmail create threads?
         
            Gmail groups my mails into conversations, how does this work?
         
            How does gmail know which mails to assign to which conversation thread?
         
            What is the algorithm behind generating conversation threads from individual mails in gmail?
         
            How does gmail generate conversation threads from individual mails?
         
            Is it possible to mark a trello card as done but not move it from its current list?
         
            What is the best way to specify that a trello card is finished?
         
            Is it mandatory to move a trello card to another list to mark it as done.
         
            How can I say that a card is done on trello without changing the list where it is?
         
            When a task for a trello card is finished how can I leave it in the current list but specify it's done.
         
            *
         
            Is there an option to mark a trello card as done, but not remove it from the list?
         
            I usually move a trello card to the done list to mark it as done, but is there some flag that i could set
            instead (without moving it).
         
            Does trello support the concept of marking a card as done?
         
            Marking a card as done in trello?
         
            Flagging a card as done in trello (without moving it).
         
            Can I get a list of mails for all people who sent me mail?
         
            How can I export a set of mails for all persons I received mail from?
         
            Is it possible to extract a compilation of e-mail addresses for all mails I've ever received on gmail.
         
            I want to send mail to everyone who ever sent me mail, can I somehow get all of the addresses from gmail?
         
            My friend and I want to make a comprehensive analysis of who sent us mail. Can we get a list of emails of
            all of our incoming gmail messages?
         
            *
         
            I'd like to get a list of all people who ever sent me emails in gmail.
         
            Listing all email addresses who sent me mail.
         
            Getting a listing of all mails from which i received messages (ever).
         
            How can I get addresses from which I received mail on gmail.
         
            I had a virus and now i want to warn all e-mail addresses that ever sent me mail, is there an easy way to do
            this in gmail?
         
            I'd like to filter mails that were sent just to me in gmail.
         
            Can gmail single out only those mails where I am the only recipient?
         
            I'd like to find mails on gmail that we're not sent to anyone else but me.
         
            Is it possible to search for only those mails on gmail where there are no other recipients but me?
         
            Filtering mail that was sent only to me in gmail.
         
            *
         
            I'd like to search gmail for mails where I am the only recipient?
         
            Filter gmail mails to those that were sent to me alone.
         
            Singling out mails in gmail where I am the sole recipient?
         
            Filtering mails to those that were sent to only me.
         
            Searching gmail to find mails that were sent to noone else but me.
         
            I'm a college student so I can't really afford full blown office365, are google docs an ok alternative?
         
            What are the pros and cons of using google documents when compared to office?
         
            Is office a lot better than google docs, where can I find a good comparison?
         
            I'm a college student, is there anything in Microsoft office that i might be missing if I decide to switch
            to google docs.
         
            Would you say that google documents is a viable alternative to Microsoft office?
         
            *
         
            Are google documents a viable alternative to MS Office?
         
            What additional functionality does MS Office offer that google docs is missing?
         
            To a college student, are there any significant advantages of MS Office over google docs?
         
            What would be the downside of using google docs compared to microsoft office?
         
            As a college student i can't afford microsoft office, are google docs a viable alternative?
         
            Can I host a commercial website on github?
         
            I have a small company and we'd like to host our pages on github, is this allowed?
         
            What are the legal considerations of hosting a for-profit web site on github?
         
            Does github allow companies to host their pages for commercial purposes?
         
            I'd like to put my company pages on github, is this an option?
         
            *
         
            Is it allowed to host commercial code on github?
         
            Our small company would like to use github as our repository, is this allowed?
         
            Can commercial code be hosted on github.
         
            Are there legal problems with hosting a for profit web site on github?
         
            Does github tolerate hosting of commercial pages?
         
            Can I link to a specific location on google maps?
         
            Does google maps support creating a link to a particular location of interest?
         
            I'd like to send a link to exactly a particular spot on google maps to my friend, how can I do that?
         
            What is the easiest way to send a link to some place like a restaurant on google maps?
         
            When linking to maps from google can I pick a particular spot to link to?
         
            *
         
            Is it possible to include location information to a link to google maps?
         
            Can I link to a particular location on google maps?
         
            I want to link to a specific place (like a restaurant) on google maps, how can I do this?
         
            Is it possible to link to a specific point on the map in google maps?
         
            Inlcuding spatial coordinates of a point into a link to google maps.
         
            I have some data in my google spreadsheet can I sort it automatically?
         
            Is there a sort function in google spreadsheets?
         
            I'd like to put numbers in a column of google spreadsheets in ascending order, how do I do this?
         
            Can I order items descendingly in google spreadsheets.
         
            Sorting data in google spreadsheets.
         
            *
         
            I'd like to automatically sort some data in google sheets, how do I do it?
         
            Ordering data in google sheets with respect to values in some column?
         
            Sorting numbers in a column in google spreadsheets?
         
            Ordering data in ascending order in google spreadsheets?
         
            How do I make some data automatically sorted in descending order on google spreadsheets?
         
            Can I somehow find out at what point in time I subscribed to a youtube channel.
         
            I'm a subscriber on a channel on youtube, I wonder for how long, how can I find out?
         
            I'd like to know the exact date when i started my subscription to a youtube channel. Is this possible?
         
            Where can I find information about when my subscription to a channel on youtube started.
         
            Is it possible to get the time of when i first subscribed to a particular youtube channel.
         
            *
         
            Where can I see when I first subscribed to a youtube channel?
         
            How can I find out when my subscription to a youtube channel started?
         
            Is it possible to find the point in time when my subscription to a youtube channel started.
         
            I wanna know when i first subscribed to a channel of my friend on youtube, wheere can i find this
            information?
         
            Is there a way to see the date when my youtube channel subscription started?ll
         
            Is it possible to have more than one Dropbox account on the same computer.
         
            Having multiple dropbox accounts on the same box.
         
            Can I have both my and my sisters dropbox account simultaneously on our family computer.
         
            Having several Dropbox accounts simultaneously on the same pc.
         
            Options for using more than one Dropbox account with the same computer.
         
            *
         
            Having more than one dropbox account per computer.
         
            Can I have multiple Dropbox accounts on the same physical computer?
         
            Is it possible to have several Dropbox accounts on my computer?
         
            Both me and my brother use the same computer can we both set up our separate dropbox accounts on this
            machine?
         
            Setting up more than one dropbox account on the same computer.
         
            How can I be sure that my posts on facebook will stay private?
         
            Is there a way to make sure that only my friends will be able to see my fb posts?
         
            What setting do I have to tweak on facebook to prevent people who are not my friends from seeing my info and
            posts?
         
            I'd like to hide my posts on fb from people who are not my friends, how do i do this?
         
            I'm concerned about the privacy of my facebook posts, what should I be aware of?
         
            *
         
            How do I enforce that stuff i posted on facebook will stay private?
         
            Hiding my posts on fb from people that are not my friends.
         
            Keeping my privacy with respect to things i post on facebook.
         
            Do I have a guarantee that posts I put on facebook will stay private within my circle of friends?
         
            How do I make sure my privacy is safe on facebook.
         
            I'd like to add a size column to my gmail, is this possible?
         
            How can I see the size of all my mails in gmail, and possibly sort them?
         
            I'm running out of space on gmail, are there options to see mail sizes and possibly remove large mails?
         
            How can I see how big my mails in gmail are, I need to delete some really large ones.
         
            Is it possible to display how much KB / MB my gmails have, I could really use this information.
         
            *
         
            How do I tell gmail to display the size of mails.
         
            Is it possible to get size information in gmail.
         
            I'd like to know how big my gmail mails are so I can delete the biggest ones.
         
            I need to know the size of my mails in gmail, where can I display it?
         
            How can I make gmail show me the size in KB or MB of my mails.
         
            When more than one user are looking at a google spreadsheet they share filters, is there a way around this?
         
            A filter introduced by one user is immediately applied to all other users looking at the same google
            spreadsheet. How can I avoid this?
         
            Is it possible to have separate filters applied for each individual user looking at a google spreadsheet?
         
            When multiple users are looking at a google spreadsheet can each of them apply a different filter without
            influencing the view of other users?
         
            Can I make google spreadsheet filters user specific eventhough several users are looking at the same
            spreadsheet at the same time?
         
            *
         
            Different users looking at the same spreadsheet see the same filters, is there a way around this?
         
            The filtering of data offered by google spreadsheets is the same for all users, can this be changed?
         
            Is it possible to have separate custom filters for different users on google spreadsheets.
         
            When multiple users are looking at a google spreadsheet can they each have different filters?
         
            Using a different filter for each user looking at a google spreadsheets document.
         
            How can I add a bibliography to my google docs?
         
            What's the easiest way to add references to my google documents?
         
            I'd like to introduce bibliographic references to my google docs, how do I do this?
         
            In latex its easy to generate a references section, do google docs have some similar functionality?
         
            After a cite a paper how do I add its reference to the end of the document in google docs?
         
            *
         
            How do I add a bibliography to my google docs document?
         
            Adding references to literature in my google docs.
         
            Can I automatically generate a references section in google docs (like you can i latex).
         
            What is the easiest way to add a bibliography section to my google docs document?
         
            Adding references to a google doc.
         
            Can you recommend a good reverse image search engine?
         
            I'd like to find web pages on which a particular image I have is located, how do I do this?
         
            Is there any web site where I could submit an image and get a list of locations on the web where this image
            is located?
         
            How can I do a reverse search of an image, giving an image as input and getting similar versions of the
            image as output?
         
            Searching the web using an image as a query.
         
            *
         
            What would be a good reverse image search engine?
         
            I need a search engine that would take an image as input and find similar images, is there such a thing?
         
            Is there a search engine that could find images like the one I give as input.
         
            How can I search the web using an image as the query.
         
            I need to find images that look like the one I have, is there a web page to help me?
         
            Is there a way to analyze the file sizes on dropbox.
         
            I reached my storage limit on dropbox and need to decide what to delete, what's the easiest way to do this?
         
            I don't have any more space on dropbox, how can I find files taking up the most space so I can delete them?
         
            Does dropbox offer any kind of storage space analysis on my files?
         
            I'd like to have an overview of file sizes in my dropbox, is there some dropbox functionality for this?
         
            *
         
            Storage space analysis in dropbox.
         
            Getting an summary on the size of files and folders in my dropbox.
         
            Performing analysis on the file sizes in my dropbox.
         
            Does dropbox provide some kind of storage space analysis utility?
         
            I'd like to get an overview of storage space used by my dropbox files.
         
            Can I add subtitles to a youtube video that is not mine?
         
            Subtitling someone elses video on youtube.
         
            I'd like to add sub title text to a youtube video, but I'm not the owner, is this possible?
         
            Can someone else add subtitles to my video on youtube?
         
            How can I subtitle a video of a different youtube user?
         
            *
         
            Adding subtitles on youtube to a vide that is not mine.
         
            Subtitling a video of another user on youtube.
         
            Adding subtitles to a youtube video for which im not the owner.
         
            Providing sub titles on a youtube video that was submitted by another user.
         
            Adding subtitles to someone else's youtube video.
         
            Is it possible to add an urgent flag to a mail in gmail?
         
            I'd like to label some of my outgoing mails in gmail as urgent, can this be done?
         
            How do I specify that some mails i send through gmail are time sensitive?
         
            What are my options to mark a mail I'm sending as top priority.
         
            Why doesn't gmail allow me to assign a special tag to mails in case of urgency.
         
            *
         
            Can I flag a particular gmail mail as urgent?
         
            Adding an urgency flag to a mail in gmail?
         
            I have a very important mail in gmail can i flag it as urgent?
         
            Is there a special annotation I could assign to an urgent mail in gmail?
         
            How can I specify via gmail that a certain mail is very urgent?
         
            Is it possible to search for only those messages that I have archived?
         
            How can I filter out only archived messages in gmail?
         
            I'd like to browse only the messages in the archive in gmail, is this possible?
         
            I need to find a message that is archived, can I restrict my search to look only in archived mail?
         
            Limiting the scope of a gmail search to archived mail exclusively.
         
            *
         
            Can I somehow list archived mails in gmail.
         
            I'd like to filter my mails to see the ones i archived, is this possible in gmail.
         
            Finding a mail in the archive in gmail.
         
            Searching the mails i put into my archive on gmail.
         
            Performing search on gmail on mails that are in the archive.
         
            Can I make it so that I get notified by email when a particular user tweets.
         
            I'd like to get e-mail notifications when specific people write posts on twitter.
         
            Getting e-mail notices when people tweet specific hash tags?
         
            There is a funny guy on twitter, can I make it so that I get e-mail message everytime he posts something
            with given hashtags?
         
            Can I connect gmail and twitter so I'm notified when people I'm following tweet something with hash tags I
            specify?
         
            *
         
            Setting up email notifications for a user on twitter.
         
            I want to make it so I get an e-mail when a particular user tweets something.
         
            Is there a way to ensure I get e mail notifications when someone writes something on his twitter?
         
            I'd like to recieve an mail every time a specific twitter user writes a new post.
         
            Does twitter support sending e-mail to followers when a user tweets something.
         
            Importing facebook events into my calendar on google.
         
            Is it possible to make my google calendar show me activities that I scheduled on facebook?
         
            I've got a friend who is organising various meetings and events on facebook, can I somehow forward these to
            my gmail calendar?
         
            I'd like to see my fb activities in my google calendar.
         
            Could I make the callendar on my google account aware of social activities I've arranged via facebook.
         
            *
         
            Is it possible to import events from facebook into my calendar in gmail?
         
            How can I add activities scheduled on facebook to my google calendar?
         
            Including events from facebook into my google calendar.
         
            How do I make my calendar on google aware of stuff i scheduled on facebook.
         
            Adding activities aranged on facebook to my google calendar.
         
            Is it possible to unlink a computer from dropbox without having direct access to that computer?
         
            I wanna remove Dropbox from a computer I no longer have, what is the best way to do that?
         
            How to restrict access to my Dropbox for a machine that is no longer in my possesion?
         
            I forgot to uninstall Dropbox before giving my computer to my nephew, is there a way to fix this through the
            online interface?
         
            How can I get rid of dropbox on a particular computer that is linked to my account using only the online
            interface?
         
            *
         
            Unlinking a computer from dropbox without direct access.
         
            Remotely removing a dropbox from a computer.
         
            Deleting dropbox from a computer remotely.
         
            Denying access to dropbox for a computer that i don't have access to.
         
            Removing dropbox access for a computer I no longer own.
         
            Can I link to a specific location within a google document?
         
            Is there a way to incorporate position information into a link to a Google doc that im sending?
         
            I have a very long document on google docs, I'd like to link to a particular page within the document, is
            this possible?
         
            I need to link to a given paragraph within a google doc, this paragraf is half way through the document so I
            don't want my recepient to have to scroll all the way down?
         
            I want to provide links to a few specific places within a document on google, is this functionality
            supported?
         
            *
         
            Linking to a specific position inside a google doc.
         
            Linking to a particular page of a google doc.
         
            Is there a way to include position in the document when i link to a google docs document?
         
            I'd like to link to a given position within my document on google docs, is this possible?
         
            Do google docs support including the position in the document when making links?
         
            Is it possible to configure gmail so that when I reply to a mail the default "from" adress is the one that
            the mail was sent to?
         
            Can I change my default gmail reply address to be chosen depending on the address the mail was sent to?
         
            I have multiple addresses in gmail, I'd like my default reply address be the same one that was on the mail
            I'm replying to, is this supported in gmail?
         
            I'd like to modify my sent from adress based on the receiving address of incoming mails (I have more than
            one mail).
         
            Is it possible to have a custom reply address in gmail which selects the original recipient address for the
            mail being replied to.
         
            *
         
            I have multiple e mail addresses, how do I set up gmail so that the reply address is the one the mail was
            sent to?
         
            Setting up gmail so that the default reply address was the one from the incoming mail.
         
            How do I make it so that gmail will set my reply address to the one to which the mail was sent to?
         
            Which setting do I have to change so that my default reply address is the one for which the mail was sent?
         
            Is it possible to make gmail set my reply adress as the on the incoming mail was intended for.
         
            I have an important meeting in google hangouts, but I don't have a google account, can I still somehow join?
         
            Is a google account a prerequisite for joining a google hangouts session.
         
            I wanna start a google hangout with my pal who has no google account, does he have to make one?
         
            Is it mandatory to have an account with google in order to chat online via google hangouts.
         
            I'd like to use the hangouts feature of google, does this mean I have to make a google account?
         
            *
         
            Is a google account needed to use google hangouts?
         
            Can my friend join google hangouts if he doesn't have a google account?
         
            Is a google account a neccessary condition for joining google hangouts?
         
            Does my father need to have a gmail account in order to use google hangouts?
         
            Using hangouts without a google user account.
         
            What does the archive operation on gmail do?
         
            How are gmail mails archived?
         
            When gmail sends my mails to the archive, what exactly does this mean?
         
            What is archiving in gmail?
         
            The final destination of archived mails in gmail.
         
            *
         
            Where does mail I archive in gmail actually go?
         
            What is the destination of archived mail in gmail?
         
            How does archiving work on gmail?
         
            Where are archived mails actually kept in gmail?
         
            What does the archive operation on gmail do anyway?
         
            I'd like to find the first message from a particular person on gmail,
         
            I need to find the oldest mail on gmail from my friend, how can I do this?
         
            I want to find the very first message that my wife sent me by mail, it was to my gmail account, is this
            possible?
         
            I'd like to find the mail farthest back in time from a friend of mine, can I do this in gmail?
         
            Finding the first ever mail that given person has sent to you on gmail.
         
            *
         
            Searching for the first message someone sent me.
         
            Finding the oldest mail that a particular person has sent to me.
         
            Locating the earliest message I received from someone.
         
            Finding out the oldest message from a person.
         
            How can I find out the oldest (first) mail i received from someone.
         
            I don't want all my fb friends to instantly get notified of my likes.
         
            Is there a way to prevent me liking something on facebook be instantly public?
         
            What are the privacy options that could prevent all of my facebook likes to immediately be forwarded to my
            friends?
         
            I'd like to stop my facebook friends being notified every time I like something, I just want some privacy.
         
            Is there a way to limit how public my likes on facebook become?
         
            *
         
            Is it possible to hide my likes from my facebook friends?
         
            Is there a privacy option that would conceal my likes from my fb friends?
         
            How can I stop my friends on facebook from being notified of my every like.
         
            I'd like to limit who can see what I like on facebook, what are my options?
         
            How do I stop facebook from sharing what I liked with other people.
         
            Is it possible to access the US version of google search even though I live elsewhere?
         
            I'd like to access google.com instead of being redirected to my own local version of google.
         
            How can I enforce google to use the .com domain instead of switching to my local domain every time.
         
            Why is google.com constantly changing to my local country domain, I don't want this, I want to see the USA
            version of the results.
         
            What is the best way to browse google as it is in the states, as opposed to the localized version my small
            european country has.
         
            *
         
            Is it possible to access the US google from outside the states?
         
            Can I view the USA version of google even though i'm not located in the USA.
         
            Browsing google from the states and not my localized version.
         
            Accessing the US version of google from elsewhere.
         
            Accessing the USA version of google and not one on my local country domain.
         
            I'd like to disable autoplay on youtube.
         
            Can I somehow stop videos on youtube from automatically playing each time I click on them.
         
            I want to disable the feature that starts youtube videos immediately after I click on them.
         
            How can I turn off the auto play feature of youtube?
         
            I despise the fact that youtube videos start immediately after I click on them, is there some fix for this?
         
            *
         
            How do I stop videos from starting immediately when i click on them on youtube.
         
            Stop youtube videos from automatically playing when clicked.
         
            Youtube videos play right away after you click them, can this be disabled?
         
            Can I disable the youtube feature that plays videos right away after clicking them.
         
            Disabling auto play features on youtube.
         
            What type of content does google omit from it's indexing procedure?
         
            Is there a specific kind of webpages that google doesn't index?
         
            What are the limitations of google's indexing algorithms, does anything get missed?
         
            Is there a kind of content that's left out from Google search?
         
            Do you think that Google deliberately leaves out some results, due to either technical difficulties or
            company interests?
         
            *
         
            Is there something that is left out of google results?
         
            Is something missed by google search?
         
            Does google omit some items from the search results.
         
            Are there some pages that google omits from it's indexing procedure.
         
            Does google deliberately skip indexing some pages?
         
            I've accidentally set up a computer to be trusted by google two factor authentication, how do I revoke this
            trust?
         
            I need to untrust a copmuter with google 2 factor auth asap, how can I do this?
         
            Is there an easy way to remove trust for google's two step auth from a computer?
         
            I made a mistake by trusting a computer for my google 2 factor authentication, I wish to undo this but I
            don't know how.
         
            Why is there no option to untrust computers that you trusted for google two step authentication. I made a
            mistake and now I can't fix it.
         
            *
         
            Is it possible to untrust a computer that was included into google 2 factor authentication.
         
            How can I remove the trust for a computer involved in google 2 factor auth.
         
            I'd like to quickly remove trust for a computer with google two factor authentication.
         
            I mistakenly trusted a computer with google two factor authentication, can i somehow undo this?
         
            I accidentaly trusted a computer with google two factor authentication, can I fix this?
         
            Is it possible to remove entries from my github activity feed?
         
            I wrote some stuff in my github feed that i'd like to delete, what are my options?
         
            A wise guy friend of my wrote some stupid stuff on my github feed, what are my options to get rid of it?
         
            I got angry and wrote sam bad stuff about C# in messages about my github activity , can I take it back?
         
            Editing your feed of activities on github to moderate content.
         
            *
         
            Can I delete some entries from my github activity feed?
         
            I'd like to remove some entries from my github activity feed.
         
            I'd like to get rid of entries on my github activity feed.
         
            I need to delete stuff from my activity feed on github.
         
            How could I edit my activities on github, I'd like to delete some comments.
         
            Is it possible to see / browse all public trello boards?
         
            Is there a way to get a list of all available (public) trello boards?
         
            I have a public trello board, can I somehow see what other public boards are available?
         
            Does trello offer information on all the public boards in existence?
         
            Where can I find what public boards does trello have to offer?
         
            *
         
            Where can I find a list of publicly available trello boards?
         
            Viewing all available public trello boards.
         
            Listing trello boards that are available publicly.
         
            Is there a master list of public trello boards?
         
            Can I find out what public boards are available on trello?
         
            How can I stop people from tagging me in photos on facebook without asking me first?
         
            Is it possible to enforce people to ask for my permission before associating stuff with me on facebook?
         
            I'm concerned about my privacy, I feel I keep getting tagged on facebook over and over without anyone asking
            me if this is ok? Is there anything I can do?
         
            What facebook settings can allow me to control who is allowed to tag me and where?
         
            What is the best way to ensure my privacy with respect to tagging on FB?
         
            *
         
            Can I configure facebook so that people have to ask me before tagging me in photos?
         
            Can I make it so that people can not tag me in facebook photos without my permission?
         
            I'm getting tagged all the time in pictures on facebook, can I enforce people to ask me first?
         
            How do I make sure that people first as for my permission before associating me with stuff on facebook?
         
            I want people to first ask for my permission before associating me with things on fb, how do I ensure this?
         
            Is there an alternative similar to google docs that I could host on my own server.
         
            I'm afraid for my sensitive data in the cloud, is there something similar to google documents that could be
            self hosted?
         
            I'd like the same functionality as google docs but hosted locally for security reasons, is there any
            software that might fulfill these requirements?
         
            I'd like my local server to run something akin to google docs. Is there any software suite for this?
         
            I require a application for document editing such as google docs but hosted on my company infrastructure
            instead of the cloud.
         
            *
         
            Is there an alternative solution similar to google docs that I could host locally?
         
            I like google docs but i don't want my sensitive data in the cloud, is there a similar but self hosted
            solution?
         
            I'm looking for software that is similar to google documents but can be hosted privately.
         
            I want to locally host some software that has similar functionality to google docs, is there any software
            like this?
         
            I require software like google docs but that can be locally hosted on my server.
         
            Some youtube videos have automatically generated subtitles, is it possible to download only the subtitles?
         
            There are automated transcripts for some youtube videos, is there an option to download only the transcripts
            and not the videos?
         
            I'm kinda low on bandwidth, so I'd like to download only the autogenerated transcription of a youtube video
            while ignoring the video itself, is this possible?
         
            There are subtitles for some youtube videos that were added in an automated way, is there a method to export
            only the subtitles for a video?
         
            Can I download a file containing the transcript (subtitles) generated for a particular video automatically
            by youtube?
         
            *
         
            Youtube automatically generated subtitles for a video, can I download those?
         
            I'd like to download subtitles automatically generated by Youtube.
         
            Downloading the auto generated transcription of a youtube video.
         
            Downloading the transcript that youtube generated for a video.
         
            Could I somehow download the automatically generated subtitles for a youtube video?
         
            Is it possible to share a photo album on facebook with people who are not members of FB?
         
            I'd like to share my photos in my facebook albums with my grandma who is, of course, not on facebook, is
            there a way to do this?
         
            How can I allow someone unregistered on facebook to still be able to see my albums and pictures?
         
            Can a person who is not a member of fb (nor willing to become one) somehow see the pictures I upload?
         
            Is registering for facebook mandatory to see someone's albums, or is there another way?
         
            *
         
            Is it possible to share a facebook photo album with people who are not registered on facebook?
         
            I want to share a photo album on fb with my friend who is not on facebook. Is this possible?
         
            Sharing a facebook album with people that are not registered facebook users?
         
            I need to share a picture album on facebook with someone who is not a facebook member?
         
            Sharing albums on facebook with people who are not registered.
         
            I'd like to download an entire directory from the dropbox web interface, what is the easiest way to do this?
         
            Can I download a whole folder via the Dropbox web?
         
            I need to download a folder containing lots of files on Dropbox, can I just download the folder using the
            web interface?
         
            The dropbox website is providing a way to download files, but I need more than files, I need an entire
            directory. There must be a way to do this?
         
            Is there a method of exporting for downloading the whole folder that I'm interested in from dropbox using
            just a browser?
         
            *
         
            Downloading an entire folder from dropbox.
         
            I'd like to download an entire directory from dropbox, how do I do it?
         
            What is the best way to download a directory from Dropbox.
         
            Easiest way to export and download a directoy from Dropbox.
         
            I need to dowload an entire folder from my dropbox web interface, is there an option for this?
         
            I'd like to find the oldest commit in my github repo.
         
            Can I search for the initial commit to my github repo.
         
            How can I identify the oldest commit I've made to my github.
         
            Out of all the commits that I made to my github repo, how can I find the very first one?
         
            I'm intersted to know the age of my github project, what's a simple way to find this?
         
            *
         
            Finding the very first commit to my github repository.
         
            Locating the initial commit to my repo on github.
         
            How can I find when the first commit for a given repo on github happened.
         
            Determine the time of when I commited something to a github repo.
         

         
            Can I make gmail separate calendar notifications into a different group?
         
            I'm getting spammed by all the notices I'm getting from google calendar, is it possible to filter then out
            into their own group?
         
            How do I filter out calendar notifications in gmail?
         
            Can I make a separate gmail category for mails coming from the calendar?
         
            I'd like to consider the mails coming from google calendar separately from the rest, can I have a special
            label for them?
         
            *
         
            Is it possible to add a filter to gmail for calendar notices.
         
            Google calendar is spamming me with notifications, can I somehow separate them from the rest of my mails?
         
            Can I filter out google calendar notifications into a separate tab?
         
            Can I single out notices about events I get from Google calendar into a separate category?
         
            Filtering google calendar notifications.
         
            I'd like to send an email with a delay, does gmail support this?
         
            I dont want people to see I was writing mails late at night, I'd like to write them now but set up that they
            get automatically sent tomorrow morning. Can I do this in gmail?
         
            I'd like to set a time when a gmail mail will be sent (instead of right away). Is there an option for this?
         
            What are my options if I want for a mail I've written in gmail to be sent to the recepient on a later date?
         
            I need to put off sending a mail I've written for a few hours, what's the easiest way to do that?
         
            *
         
            Is it possible to send an e-mail with a delay on gmail?
         
            Delayed sending of a mail in gmail?
         
            Sending a mail on a timer in gmail?
         
            Setting a time when a gmail mail will be sent.
         
            Putting a time delay on sending a gmail mail.
         
            Is it possible to hide (not block) contacts from hangouts chat list?
         
            I use google chat a lot, but I'd like to hide some of my contacts from the contact list, is there an option
            for this?
         
            I need to make some of the people I've chatted with disappear from my contacts list in google chat.
         
            Making people invisible in the chat list of google hangouts.
         
            I'd like to remove some friends from my contact list in google hangouts (not remove them as my friends i
            just want them to be absent from the list).
         
            *
         
            Hiding contacts from hangouts chat?
         
            I'd like to hide (not remove or block) certain people from google chat.
         
            Making some people in my google chat list invisible.
         
            I need to hide some of the people i chatted with over google chat, is there a way to do this?
         
            Conceal some of my contacts in the gmail chat list.
         
            Is there a way to know if the recipient has read my mail?
         
            I've sent an important mail and I'd really like to know if the receiver has read it? Is there any way to
            tell?
         
            How can I be sure that the person I've sent mail to has actually read it. Is there a way to know?
         
            I'm dying to find out if my buddy read the mail I've sent him. How can I find out?
         
            Is there a possibility to identify whether a mail i've sent has been opened and read or not?
         
            *
         
            Can I somehow know if my intended recepient has actually read the mail i've sent.
         
            Finding out if the receiver has read the mail that i sent.
         
            How could I know if the mail I sent has been read by the recepient?
         
            Is it possible to find out if my mail was read.
         
            Once i have sent a mail, is there a mecahnism to know whether it was opened and read?
         
            I've fixed a small mistake in my youtube video, can I upload the fixed version over the faulty one?
         
            Is it possible to change one youtube video with another?
         
            How can I switch out one of my old youtube videos with a new better one?
         
            Does youtube support replacement of videos?
         
            I need to reupload my video on youtube because I've made a small error, but I't seems it isn't possible??
         
            *
         
            Is it possible to replace a video on youtube with a new one?
         
            Can I switch my youtube video with a new one?
         
            Is it possible to change a video on youtube with a new improved version?
         
            How could I switch a video on youtube with a new one?
         
            Does youtube allow changing a video once it's been uploaded?
         
            How does the friend finder on fb work?
         
            What is the idea behind friend recommendations on facebook?
         
            What algorithm does fb use when trying to find new friends for me?
         
            I keep getting friendship suggestions from fb, how does it come up with them?
         
            How does facebook decide which users to suggest as potential friends for me?
         
            *
         
            How does facebook detect potential friends for me?
         
            How does facebook friend finder work?
         
            How does facebook recommend friends?
         
            I get lots of friend suggestions from fb, how does this work?
         
            How does facebook find friends to recommend to me?
         
            What application would you recommend to find a good time slot for a meeting?
         
            Are there any easy to use apps on the web to schedule meetings?
         
            I need to find a suitable time period for a large group to get together, any web tools that might help me?
         
            What are my options if I want a simple web app to help me organize and schedule meeting times?
         
            I often need to find a time which works for everyone in our team to meet, is there a service on the net that
            might make this more efficient?
         
            *
         
            Finding a time for a meeting, is there an application online for this?
         
            I need to schedule meetings, can some web app help me?
         
            How do I secure a good time slot for a meeting using a web app?
         
            Is there any app on the internet that might help me organize meeting times for a group of people?
         
            Find a time to schedule meetings via a web app.
         
            I need to make a simple sequence diagram, nothing fancy, are there any web tools I could use?
         
            I don't need all the complexities of microsoft visio, is there maybe a web app for drawing simple diagrams?
         
            Are there any web based alternatives to professional diagram drawing software?
         
            I find myself often having to draw very simple diagrams, is there perhaps a web service that I could use for
            this?
         
            While offering docs and spreadsheets, there is no diagramming software online from google, is there another
            online tool that I could use to quickly draw some simple stuff I need?
         
            *
         
            Is there any online tool to make a sequence diagram?
         
            I'd like to draw a sequential diagram, is there an online tool for this.
         
            I need to draw a sequence diagram, but I dont want to use visio, are there any online tools?
         
            In what online tool can I draw simple diagrams.
         
            I need an online tool to make a sequence diagram.
         
            Is there a way to share bookmarks across different computers?
         
            Can I somehow access my favorites and bookmarks from another computer without having to set everything up
            again?
         
            How can I make my bookmarks accesible from more than one computer?
         
            Is there an option to store my favourites and bookmarks information in the cloud so I can access it from
            various different devices?
         
            I'd like to be able to share my favourites settings across different browsers?
         
            *
         
            Sharing bookmarks or favorites across different computers?
         
            How can I transfer my bookmarks from one computer to another?
         
            Transfering bookmarks and favorites to a new computer?
         
            Moving my bookmarks to a new computer.
         
            Getting my bookmarks and favorites from my old computer when getting a new one.
         
            What are some good online radio apps?
         
            Can I listen to music directly online, can you tell me some good sites to do this?
         
            I'd like a customizable application online for playing my favourite songs?
         
            Is there an online app where I can have playlists with my favourite songs and listen to them online?
         
            Can you recommend some cloud based applications for listening to music?
         
            *
         
            Online radio music apps.
         
            Listening to radio online.
         
            Is there a online app for listening radio that is really personalizable?
         
            How can I listen to radio online?
         
            Any online radio app with lots of personalization options?
         
            Can I list the files that dropbox is syncing at this moment?
         
            I'd like to find out which files are currently being synced on my dropbox, how can I do this?
         
            What is the easiest way to get the files that are being synced at the current time?
         
            Is there a way to determine which files my dropbox service is syncing at any particular moment?
         
            How can I see which files are currently being synced?
         
            *
         
            I need to know which files are being synced.
         
            How to know which files dropbox is syncing.
         
            Can I find out what dropbox is currently syncing.
         
            Figuring out which files dropbox is downloading.
         
            Can dropbox report which files are syncing?
         
            I'd like to export my logs from google chat, how do I do this?
         
            Can I somehow download all my chats from google as text files?
         
            I'd like to save my google chat text, how can I do this?
         
            Exporting google chat logs.
         
            Is there a way to download all the text I've ever written in google chat?
         
            *
         
            I need to download my chat logs from google, how do i do this?
         
            How do I download all the text I have in my google chat?
         
            I need to save the entire text I wrote into my google chat, what's the easiest way to do this?
         
            What's the best way to export and download my chat logs from google?
         
            I'd like to export all text I've written into google chat (for backup purposes), how do I do this?
         
            Searching for keywords that contain special chars on google.
         
            I have some program code with special chars that I want to search for on google but the results are really
            bad, what can I do?
         
            Is it true that google completely ignores all punctuation?
         
            How can I search for a string containing specific chars such as + or - on google search?
         
            Why doesn't google work when I enter punctuation chars and such?
         
            *
         
            Special characters in google search.
         
            Specific characters (e.g. punctuation) are ignored in google search, is there a way to fix this?
         
            Finding a keyword containing special chars in google search.
         
            How are special characters handled by google search?
         
            How can I find a word that has special chars in google search?
         
            I'm looking for a site that would allow people to collaborate on translation tasks?
         
            Is there a website where a crowd of translators could work together?
         
            Is there a website where people can translate together?
         
            Translation is done much faster when several people can collaborate, is there a website to suppor this?
         
            I'm looking for a social translation web site, is there any on the web?
         
            *
         
            Is there a social translation website somewhere?
         
            Is there a web site where people might collaborate on translation tasks?
         
            I'm looking for a web app that would allow translator to translate together.
         
            Collaborative translation website.
         
            Internet app for collaboration of a group of translators on a translation task.
         
            Is there a way to backup all my facebook private messages by downloading them?
         
            I'd like to save all my facebook private messages on my computer locally, how can I do this?
         
            What is the easiest way to export all my pm's from fb?
         
            I've written a lot of stuff as pm's on facebook, now I wanna browse it all on my local computer, is threre a
            way to do this?
         
            How do I transfer all my private msg's from facebook to my computer?
         
            *
         
            Is it possible to download all of my messages from facebook?
         
            I'd like to download all my fb messages.
         
            I want to make a backup of all my facebook messaes, how do I do this?
         
            Can I export all my private messages from facebook into my private backup?
         
            Downloading and backing up my private messages from facebook.
         
            I'd like to monitor who has access to my google drive folders, where can I find this information?
         
            Where can I see which accounts have access privileges to my google drive folders?
         
            Monitor access rights for my google drive directories?
         
            I have some sensitive data in one of my goole drive dirs, how can I be sure who is eligible to see it?
         
            What are my options for seeing who can access my data that I've got in a gd folder?
         
            *
         
            I'd like to know who has access to my google drive folders.
         
            How can I tell who can access my files and folders on gd.
         
            I need to know access rights for people to my google drive documents.
         
            How can I find out which users can view or change my directories on google drive.
         
            Is it possible to monitor who is able to access my stuff on gd?
         
            Is there a way to turn off the notification alert sound in google hangouts?
         
            I find the sound that notifies you of something in gho very irritating, is there a way to get rid of it?
         
            I'd like to mute the notification sound in GHO, not really disable notifications all together just mute the
            sound?
         
            Is it possible to remove the sound that google hangouts produces when you get notifications?
         
            I'd like my notifications on google hangousts to be silent, where is the option for this?
         
            *
         
            Turning off GHO notification alert?
         
            I do not want to get audio notification when someone contacts me on google hangouts, can I turn it off?
         
            Disabling notifications for when someone contacts me on GHO.
         
            I'd like to mutre the notification sound on google hangouts.
         
            Disabling GHO notification sounds.
         
            How does facebook generate results when you search for a name?
         
            What algorithm does facebook use for searching people?
         
            What is the idea behind people search on facebook?
         
            What methodology does facebook employ in its search engine for users?
         
            How does facebook rank persons in the result list when i search?
         
            *
         
            What does facebook do when you search for a name?
         
            How does facebook handle searches for a name?
         
            What happens behind the scenes when zou search for a name on facebook?
         
            What algorithm does facebook use when displaying results of a search by name?
         
            When you search for a name on facebook, how is the result list generated?
         
            I'm looking for an online tool that would allow me to keep track of books.
         
            I have a large movie collection, is there an app on the web that would allow me to manage it?
         
            Are there any online tools for collection management, in particular books.
         
            How can I easily keep in order what books and movies I have and catalog them. Maybe some online tool?
         
            I'd like to catalog some movies of mine, is there an app on the web for this?
         
            *
         
            Web app for cataloging books or movies.
         
            Keeping records of books and movies via a web app.
         
            Is there some web app the would allow me to manage a movie collection?
         
            I have a big collection of novels, is there a web app for managing it?
         
            I'm a collector, I need some online software to keep track of all the items in my collections, is there any?
         
            Is it possible to disable automatic saving of documents on google docs?
         
            How can I stop google documents from saving my work every 3 seconds?
         
            I'm getting glitches in google docs because is trying to save my document too often, is there a workaround
            for this?
         
            I'm a bit annoyed by google docs being saved extremely often, is there an option to fix this?
         
            Google documents performs saving far too much, I'd like to stop that.
         
            *
         
            Google is auto saving my document too often, can I disable this feature?
         
            Removing the auto save feature from google docs?
         
            Making google docs save my documents less often?
         
            Automated saving every few seconds in google docs bothers me, how do I disable this?
         
            Is it possible to prevent google from automatically saving my document every few secs?
         
            Is it possible to set ownership of all files and folders within a given gd folder?
         
            I'd like to recursively set ownership on google drive, is this possible?
         
            How to change the owner of everything inside a google drive folder?
         
            What is the best way to recursively set the user who owns files and folders on GD?
         
            Is it an option to specify owners of many files within the same google drive folder at the same time?
         
            *
         
            Is it possible to recursively set ownership for a gd folder?
         
            I need to set ownership for all files an folders in a particular google drive folder, is there a way?
         
            I'd like to change the owner of every google document in a directory.
         
            Specifying ownership of file on google drive recursively.
         
            Chaning the owner of the entire contents of a google drive directory.
         
            Are there online language interpreters I could use to test my programming skills?
         
            I'd like to see how well I can code, I hear there are websites where you can code online, which are they?
         
            Are there any places online where I could program and get results to see how well I'm doing?
         
            I'm looking for online interpreting sites, where I could write in my code and see the results in order to
            practice.
         
            Is there an app that would let me write interpreted program code online and execute it in an online
            environment?
         
            *
         
            Online app for testing my programming abilities.
         
            Web sites for practicing coding onilne.
         
            Sites where there are online interpreters to test my code in.
         
            Are there any sites where I can code online and get my interpreted code executed.
         
            Polishing my programming and coding skills in an online setting.
         
            Can I add the recipient of an e-mail to my gmail contacts?
         
            What is the easiest way to add the person the mail was sent to (in the to or cc fields) to my google
            contacts?
         
            I can add to my gmail contact list the person who sent me the mail, can I do the same for the person in CC?
         
            How can I put e-mails in the "TO" section of a gmail message into my list of contacts.
         
            Creating new contact entries from addresses in to TO or CC parts of my gmail message.
         
            *
         
            Add one of the recepients of a mail I got to my google contacts?
         
            How can I add a recepient of a mail as a new contact in gmail?
         
            Inserting into my gmail contact list a person in the CC field of a mail i got.
         
            Creating a contact from a person in the CC field of a mail.
         
            I'd like to add a recepient of one of my mails (in cc) to my gmail contacts.
         
            Is it possible to manually construct a message that will be marked as spam by gmail?
         
            I'm testing my various mail categories, how can I test my spam category?
         
            I'd like to create a message that will be filtered by the google spam filter?
         
            How could i deliberately create a gmail mail that is spam according to google's filters?
         
            I'd like to try out my spam filter on google, what type of message should I send to see if it's working?
         
            *
         
            Is it possible to intentionally make a message that will be marked as spam in gmail?
         
            Purposefully create a mail that will be considered spam by gmail.
         
            How could I make a message that will be classified into the spam category by the gmail spam filter?
         
            I need to make sure that my mail will be marked as spam in gmail, is there way to do this?
         
            Intentionally constructing a message that will be considered spam by gmail.
         
            How do I insert a caption to an image in google docs?
         
            I want to have a small piece of text describing a picture in my google document, how do I do this?
         
            I'd like to caption a photo in google docs , what's the easiest way to do this while maintaing text wrap?
         
            Is there a way to add a small text box beneath an image in google docs with a description?
         
            How do I add captions to my pictures in google docs without using tables?
         
            *
         
            Is it possible to add a caption to a google docs image.
         
            I'd like to put some text as a caption to a google docs picture.
         
            Captioning a photo in google docs.
         
            Adding some descriptive text beneath an image in google docs.
         
            Inserting a caption beneath a picture in google docs.
         
            Is it possible to encrypt gmail messages?
         
            I'm very worried someone might read my important mails, what security features does gmail offer?
         
            How secure is gmail anyway? Is it possible to send mail that is locked with a key?
         
            I'd like to use PGP with gmail, is this an option?
         
            How do I make sure that my mails sent through gmail can't be read by third parties? Any advice?
         
            *
         
            Encrypting gmail messages.
         
            I'd like to use encryption when sending gmail messages.
         
            PGP in gmail.
         
            How do I send secured (encrypted) mails through gmail?
         
            Email encryption gmail.
         
            Is it possible to measure the distance between two points on google maps?
         
            I want to know how far two points on google maps are, how do I go about this?
         
            How can i find how far apart two pins on a google maps map are?
         
            What is the easiest way to get how far it is from point A to point B using google maps?
         
            I've planned a route for myself on google maps, where can I see how long it is?
         
            *
         
            Measuring distance in google maps?
         
            How do I measure how long my route on google maps is (in km).
         
            Is it possible to get the air distance between two points on google maps?
         
            Finding out how far my destination is on google maps.
         
            I need to know the distance of two places according to google maps.
         
            Is it possible to move contacts from my old google account to my new one?
         
            Is there a drag & drop option for transferring some of my google contacts to my other account?
         
            I've made a new google account, I'd like to move some of my old contacts to this account. What are my
            options?
         
            Is there an option in the interface to switch some of my contacts from one google account to another? I only
            want this for some contacts not all.
         
            What are the possibilities of transfering contact data between different google accounts.
         
            *
         
            Moving google contacts from my account ot a new one.
         
            Is it possible to transfer contacts from one google account to another.
         
            I've made a new google account, can I import contacts from my old one?
         
            Transferring data from my old google account to a new one.
         
            I have two google accounts, i'd like to move my contacts from one to the other, is this possible?
         
            I'm trying out the new google maps interface, how can I add more than one destination?
         
            I can't figure out how to add multiple destination points in the new google maps?
         
            Google maps classic supported as many destinations as I wanted, is this feature gone in the new version?
         
            What is the easiest way to add additional intermediate points I want to include in my route on google maps.
         
            I have some intermediate points on my google maps route where I need to make some pickups, can I somehow
            force my route to go through the points?
         
            *
         
            Multiple destinations in google maps.
         
            Is it possible to have more than just one destination on google maps?
         
            I need to stop at a few points between my starting point and my destination, do google maps support this?
         
            Having more than one destination in google maps.
         
            Having many destinations in google maps.
         
            How secure is my sensitive data on dropbox?
         
            I'd like to know how tight dropbox' security is against attackers?
         
            Is my data safe on dropbox or could someone steal it?
         
            Is there a threat of malicious users eavesdroping my files while they are being transfered to dropbox?
         
            I'd like to use dropbox but I have concerns that my information might get stolen.
         
            *
         
            Is sensitive data on dropbox secure?
         
            Does Dropbox have good security against attackers?
         
            How safe is my data on dropbox?
         
            Is there a security threat to dropbox?
         
            Are there security threats to dropbox?
         
            How do I get the m dash in google docs.
         
            While in most other editors I can just type two hyphens to get an em-dash in google docs this doesnt work?
         
            What is the easiest way to get the m dash in google docs?
         
            I need the longer dash (em-dash) in google docs very often, but I cant seem to find a fast way to get it.
         
            Can I make the google docs automatically replace a double dash I type with the longer dash?
         
            *
         
            Is it possible to get the em dash in google docs?
         
            How do I get an m dash in google docs?
         
            Do google docs support the longer style dash (em dash).
         
            I desperately need the em dash in google docs how do I get it?
         
            I require the longer (em) dash in google docs, is this doable?
        